README.md, before:

# Bubbles & Bows GroomFlow

WordPress plugin + docs for the GroomFlow operations platform. Start with `AGENTS.md` for onboarding; use this file for the system snapshot and map.

## System Overview
- **Data layer:** Custom tables for clients, guardians, services, packages, flags, visits, visit services/flags, stage history, views, notifications, notification triggers.
- **Admin UI:** CRUD for all entities plus settings, notification templates/triggers, and reporting screens.
- **REST API (`bb-groomflow/v1`):** Board payloads, visit intake/edit/move, CRUD for clients/guardians/services/packages/flags/views/settings, stats endpoints.
- **Frontend board:** Shortcode `[bbgf_board]` renders interactive or lobby boards; JS bundle polls REST and drives modal/edit flows.
- **CLI:** `wp bbgf ...` commands for seeding demo data, listing visits, sync scaffolds.
- **Notifications & reporting:** Stage-triggered email delivery hooks and reporting endpoints for dashboards/exports.
- **QA & release:** Manual ZIP packaging, Docker WP installs, `qa-phpcs plugin/bb-groomflow`, and full admin happy-path before handoff.

## Where Things Live
- Plugin entry: `plugin/bb-groomflow/bb-groomflow.php`, `includes/class-plugin.php`
- Admin UI: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/admin/`
- Data/services: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/data/`, `includes/models/`
- REST: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/api/`
- Board assets: `plugin/bb-groomflow/assets/src/` → `assets/build/`
- CLI: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/cli/`
- Bootstrap/services: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/bootstrap/`
- Notifications: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/notifications/`
- QA scripts: `scripts/qa_smoke.sh`, `QA_TOOLBELT.md`

## Onboarding (fast path)
```bash
bash scripts/build_plugin_zip.sh
cd docker && docker compose up -d
docker compose cp ../build/bb-groomflow-0.1.0-dev.zip wordpress:/var/www/html/bb-groomflow.zip
docker compose run --rm -T wpcli wp plugin install /var/www/html/bb-groomflow.zip --force --activate
docker compose run --rm -T wpcli wp bbgf visits seed-demo --count=8 --force
qa-phpcs plugin/bb-groomflow    # then run the admin happy-path
```

Use breadcrumbs for handoffs and keep PHPCS clean before every delivery. For details or troubleshooting, follow `AGENTS.md`, `docs/README.md`, and `docs/workflow.md`.

Commit message:

docs: add documentation routing map

README.md, after:

# Bubbles & Bows GroomFlow

WordPress plugin + docs for the GroomFlow operations platform. Start with `AGENTS.md` and its Documentation Map; this file is a snapshot of the system and code layout only.

## Scope
- **Lives here:** High-level system snapshot, code location map, build touchpoints.
- **Not here:** Onboarding steps, task routing, QA flow (see `AGENTS.md` + map).

## System Overview
- **Data layer:** Custom tables for clients, guardians, services, packages, flags, visits, visit services/flags, stage history, views, notifications, notification triggers.
- **Admin UI:** CRUD for all entities plus settings, notification templates/triggers, and reporting screens.
- **REST API (`bb-groomflow/v1`):** Board payloads, visit intake/edit/move, CRUD for clients/guardians/services/packages/flags/views/settings, stats endpoints.
- **Frontend board:** Shortcode `[bbgf_board]` renders interactive or lobby boards; JS bundle polls REST and drives modal/edit flows.
- **CLI:** `wp bbgf ...` commands for seeding demo data, listing visits, sync scaffolds.
- **Notifications & reporting:** Stage-triggered email delivery hooks and reporting endpoints for dashboards/exports.
- **QA & release:** Manual ZIP packaging, Docker WP installs, `qa-phpcs plugin/bb-groomflow`, and full admin happy-path before handoff.

## Where Things Live
- Plugin entry: `plugin/bb-groomflow/bb-groomflow.php`, `includes/class-plugin.php`
- Admin UI: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/admin/`
- Data/services: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/data/`, `includes/models/`
- REST: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/api/`
- Board assets: `plugin/bb-groomflow/assets/src/` → `assets/build/`
- CLI: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/cli/`
- Bootstrap/services: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/bootstrap/`
- Notifications: `plugin/bb-groomflow/includes/notifications/`
- QA scripts: `scripts/qa_smoke.sh`, `QA_TOOLBELT.md`

For onboarding, QA, and troubleshooting, follow `AGENTS.md` and the Documentation Map; this file is reference-only.
